Psalm 45 to the chief musician set to
Psalm 45 to the chief musician set to the lilies a contemplation of the sons
the lilies a contemplation of the sons
the lilies a contemplation of the sons of coda
of coda
of coda a song of love my heart is overflowing
a song of love my heart is overflowing
a song of love my heart is overflowing with a good theme I recite my
with a good theme I recite my
with a good theme I recite my composition concerning the King my
composition concerning the King my
composition concerning the King my tongue is the pen of a ready writer you
tongue is the pen of a ready writer you
tongue is the pen of a ready writer you are fairer than the sons of men grace is
are fairer than the sons of men grace is
are fairer than the sons of men grace is poured upon your lips therefore God has
poured upon your lips therefore God has
poured upon your lips therefore God has blessed you forever gird your sword upon
blessed you forever gird your sword upon
blessed you forever gird your sword upon your thigh o mighty one with your glory
your thigh o mighty one with your glory
your thigh o mighty one with your glory and your majesty and in your majesty
and your majesty and in your majesty
and your majesty and in your majesty ride prosperously because of truth
ride prosperously because of truth
ride prosperously because of truth humility and righteousness and your
humility and righteousness and your
humility and righteousness and your right hand shall teach you awesome
right hand shall teach you awesome
right hand shall teach you awesome things your arrows are sharp in the
things your arrows are sharp in the
things your arrows are sharp in the heart of the Kings enemies the people's
heart of the Kings enemies the people's
heart of the Kings enemies the people's fall under you your throne O God is for
fall under you your throne O God is for
fall under you your throne O God is for ever and ever a scepter of righteousness
ever and ever a scepter of righteousness
ever and ever a scepter of righteousness is the scepter of your kingdom
is the scepter of your kingdom
is the scepter of your kingdom you love righteousness and hatred Ness
you love righteousness and hatred Ness
you love righteousness and hatred Ness therefore God your God has anointed you
therefore God your God has anointed you
therefore God your God has anointed you with the oil of gladness more than your
with the oil of gladness more than your
with the oil of gladness more than your companions all your garments are scented
companions all your garments are scented
companions all your garments are scented with myrrh and aloes and cassia out of
with myrrh and aloes and cassia out of
with myrrh and aloes and cassia out of the ivory palaces by which they have
the ivory palaces by which they have
the ivory palaces by which they have made you glad Kings daughters are among
made you glad Kings daughters are among
made you glad Kings daughters are among your honorable women at your right hand
your honorable women at your right hand
your honorable women at your right hand stands the Queen in gold from Ophir
stands the Queen in gold from Ophir
stands the Queen in gold from Ophir listen o daughter consider and incline
listen o daughter consider and incline
listen o daughter consider and incline your ear forget your own people also and
your ear forget your own people also and
your ear forget your own people also and your father's house so the King will
your father's house so the King will
your father's house so the King will greatly desire your beauty because he is
greatly desire your beauty because he is
greatly desire your beauty because he is your Lord worship him and the daughter
your Lord worship him and the daughter
your Lord worship him and the daughter of Tyre will come with a gift the rich
of Tyre will come with a gift the rich
of Tyre will come with a gift the rich among the people will seek your favour
among the people will seek your favour
among the people will seek your favour the royal daughter is all glorious
the royal daughter is all glorious
the royal daughter is all glorious within the palace her clothing is woven
within the palace her clothing is woven
within the palace her clothing is woven with gold she shall be brought to the
with gold she shall be brought to the
with gold she shall be brought to the King in robes of many colours
King in robes of many colours
King in robes of many colours the virgins her companions who follow
the virgins her companions who follow
the virgins her companions who follow her shall be brought to you with
her shall be brought to you with
her shall be brought to you with gladness and rejoicing they shall be
gladness and rejoicing they shall be
gladness and rejoicing they shall be brought they shall enter the king's
brought they shall enter the king's
brought they shall enter the king's palace instead of your father's shall be
palace instead of your father's shall be
palace instead of your father's shall be your sons whom you shall make princes in
your sons whom you shall make princes in
your sons whom you shall make princes in all the earth I will make your name to
all the earth I will make your name to
all the earth I will make your name to be remembered in all generations
be remembered in all generations
be remembered in all generations therefore the people shall praise you
therefore the people shall praise you
therefore the people shall praise you for ever and ever
for ever and ever
for ever and ever [Music]